Connecting your printer

When you connect a printer to your PC or add a new printer to your home network, you can usually start printing right away. Windows supports most printers, and you probably won't have to go out of your way to install special printer software. If you're using Windows 8.1 or Windows RT 8.1, additional printer support and drivers are available through Windows Update.

To install a printer
In most cases, all you have to do to set up a printer is to connect it to your PC. Simply plug the USB cable from your printer into an available USB port on your PC, and turn the printer on.

For wireless printers with Windows 8.1:
Note
If you have a new wireless printer that hasn't been added to your home network, read the instructions that came with the printer to learn how to add it. Check the printer manufacturer's website to learn more and to get up-to-date software for your printer.


    1.	Swipe in from the right edge of the screen, tap Settings, and then tap Change PC settings. (If you're using a mouse, point to the lower-right corner of the screen, move the mouse pointer up, click Settings, and then click Change PC settings.)
    2.	Tap or click PC and devices, and then tap or click Devices. If your printer is installed, it should appear underPrinters.
    3.	If your printer isn't listed, tap or click Add a device, and then select your printer to install it.

To install (add) a local printer
    1.	Click the Start  button, and then, on the Start menu, click Devices and Printers.
    2.	Click Add a printer.
    3.	In the Add Printer wizard, click Add a local printer.
    4.	On the Choose a printer port page, make sure that the Use an existing port button and the recommended printer port are selected, and then click Next.
    5.	On the Install the printer driver page, select the printer manufacturer and model, and then click Next.
        •	If your printer isn't listed, click Windows Update, and then wait while Windows checks for additional drivers.
        •	If none are available and you have the installation CD, click Have Disk, and then browse to the folder where the printer driver is located. (For additional help, consult the printer manual.)
    6.	Complete the additional steps in the wizard, and then click Finish.
Tip
You can print a test page to make sure the printer is working correctly. If you've installed the printer but it doesn't work, check the manufacturer's website for troubleshooting information or driver updates.

To install a network, wireless, or Bluetooth printer
If you're trying to add a network printer at the office, you'll usually need the name of the printer. If you can't find it, contact your network administrator.

    1.	Click the Start  button, and then, on the Start menu, click Devices and Printers.
    2.	Click Add a printer.
    3.	In the Add Printer wizard, click Add a network, wireless or Bluetooth printer.
    4.	In the list of available printers, select the one you want to use, and then click Next. (If your computer is connected to a network, only printers listed in Active Directory for your domain are displayed in the list.)
    5.	If prompted, install the printer driver on your computer by clicking Install driver.

    If you're prompted for an administrator password or confirmation, type the password or provide confirmation.
    6.	Complete the additional steps in the wizard, and then click Finish.
Tip
Available printers can include all printers on a network, such as Bluetooth and wireless printers or printers that are plugged into another computer and shared on the network. You might need permission to install some printers. You can confirm the printer is working by printing a test page.
Note
After your printer is installed, you can keep it up to date with automatic Windows 7 driver updates.